#Episode 1
#
#The Pizza Boyz Start an Innovation Lab that Looks Curiously Like a Bar

"It's when you make your enemies start your Jeep," chuckled Sierra Papa.

He looked levelly at Tupelo, "That should be on a sign above the bar." The Pizza Boyz had recently come into some money and were talking
about how girls like guys who actually do things. As such, they were discussing things to be done.

"We should open a pool hall. Something really elevated. Divey, but self aware," chimed in Sweet Hickory. Tupelo's eyes lit up.

"Now we're cooking with gas!" he bellowed.

Zero Effect, looking rather effected, peered over the edge of a tumbler of Bluecoat. "We just need to agree that it isn't a place
for other people. It's a place for us."

"Sound business strategy," chimed in Charlie Baltimore, cheery in his condescention. "What's your beef with people, man?"

"Don like 'em," said Zero.

"Beef. What is beef?" said Sierra Papa, which he answered rapidly by identifying how it is the case when opponents
are made to turn the ignition on your 4WD vehicle. "The Bouncers should ask, 'Are you rolling less than 30 deep?'" No one got it.
There was a chorus of agreement, however, that Beef was the most suitable name for the bar possible.

Without warning, eyes wide, mouth open, Sweet Hickory slammed his fist down on the table top, sending gin and beer everywhere.

"We're like a fucking idea factory! What if we started an idea factory for bars? Like a bar innovation lab?"

He was met with a mix of skepticism, blank stares, and an angry, if unfocused gaze from Zero. Charlie Baltimore laughed, but it
was impossible to tell if he though the idea grand, hilarious, or ridiculous. All paused for Hickory to explain himself.

"Well, we've got all this cash! And everybody likes innovation now, but who is innovating in the restaurant space?
We'll bring technology thinking to foodservice. We'll disrupt the commodified consumer economy and redfine these verticals!
We'll build an environment for incubating new concepts that will fundamentally change the way that humans procure foodstuffs.
We'll change the fucking world man-- we'll make it a better place!"
